Then it was delivered. Unworthy words are inappropriate.
Segment at end
Of each line. Unworthy words are inappropriate. segment at end of each line. It is inappropriate to say something unworthy. segment at end of each line. It is inappropriate to say something unworthy. segment at end of each
Line. Unworthy words are inappropriate.
Segment at end of each line. Unworthy of words
Not suitable. segment at end of
Each line. Unworthy words are inappropriate.
Segment at end of each line. Not worthy
The words are inappropriate. segment at end
Of each
Line. Unworthy words are inappropriate. segmentat
End of each line. Unworthy words are inappropriate.
Segment at end of each line.
Unworthy words are inappropriate. segment
At end of each line.
Unworthy words are inappropriate. segment at end of each line. unworthy
The words are inappropriate. segment at end of each line.
I am someone who dares to be strong at the moment